docs(cilium): fix several broken links (#15325)
kubernetes/kops: docs/networking/cilium.md

{{ kops_feature_table(kops_added_beta='1.18', kops_added_default='1.26') }}

> By default, Cilium will use CRDs for synchronizing agent state. This can cause performance problems on larger clusters. As of kOps 1.18, kOps can manage an etcd cluster using etcd-manager dedicated for cilium agent state sync. The [Cilium docs](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.12/gettingstarted/k8s-install-external-etcd/) contains recommendations for when this must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cilium will use CRDs for synchronizing agent state. This can cause performance problems on larger clusters. As of kOps 1.18, kOps can manage an etcd cluster using etcd-manager dedicated for cilium agent state sync. The [Cilium docs](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/installation/k8s-install-external-etcd/) contains recommendations for when this must be enabled.
```

As of kOps 1.19, BPF NodePort is enabled by default for new clusters if the kubernetes version is 1.12 or newer. It can be safely enabled as of kOps 1.18.

In this mode, the cluster is fully functional without kube-proxy, with Cilium replacing kube-proxy's NodePort implementation using BPF.

> Read more about this in the [Cilium docs - kubeproxy free](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.12/gettingstarted/kubeproxy-free/) and [Cilium docs - NodePort](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.12/gettingstarted/kubeproxy-free/#nodeport-devices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about this in the [Cilium docs - kubeproxy free](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free/) and [Cilium docs - NodePort](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free/#nodeport-devices)
```

Author: Could do these as `1.13` links instead to get latest permalinks

Author: @hakman could you re-review this?

Per my opening comment, this PR:
> follows the convention in the rest of this doc to use versions

Per my previous comments above, `stable` is not a permalink, so I do not think that is ideal and does not follow the existing convention in these docs

Reviewer: OK, but then at least let's be consistent and use v1.12 everywhere.

Author: @hakman found the v1.13 links (which is latest right now) for all of these and updated them all to v1.13 👍

When Cilium is intalled and managed by kOps, Cilium cli should not be used as the configuration it produces conflicts with the configuration managed by kOps (certificates are not managed the same way). For this reason, deploying Hubble UI can be tricky.

> Fortunately, recent versions of the Cilium Helm chart allow standalone install of Hubble UI. See `Helm (Standalone install)` tab in [Hubble UI documentation](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.13/gettingstarted/hubble/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortunately, recent versions of the Cilium Helm chart allow standalone install of Hubble UI. See `Helm (Standalone install)` tab in [Hubble UI documentation](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/gettingstarted/hubble/).
```

Author: see other comment: https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/pull/15325#discussion_r1171317836
